u/{}, your coming to us is as of the footsteps of doom. You bring great evil here, Ringbearer.
And now at last it comes. You will give me the Ring freely! In place of the Dark Lord you will set up a Queen. And I shall not be dark, but beautiful and terrible as the Morning and the Night! Fair as the Sea and the Sun and the Snow upon the Mountain! Dreadful as the Storm and the Lightning! Stronger than the foundations of the earth. All shall love me and despair!
And you, u/{}, I come to you last who are not last in my thoughts. For you I have prepared this. In this phial, is caught the light of Eärendil's star, set amid the waters of my fountain. It will shine still brighter when night is about you. May it be a light to you in dark places, when all other lights go out.
Hear all ye Elves! Let none say again that Dwarves are grasping and ungracious! Yet surely, u/{}, you desire something that I could give? Name it, I bid you! You shall not be the only guest without a gift.
I have passed the test. I will diminish, and go into the West, and remain Galadriel.
I know what it is you saw, for it is also in my mind.
I will not give you counsel, saying do this, or do that. For not in doing or contriving, nor in choosing between this course and another, can I avail; but only in knowing what was and is, and in part also what shall be.
In the land of Mordor, in the fires of Mount Doom, the Dark Lord Sauron forged in secret a Master-Ring, to control all others. And into this Ring, he poured his cruelty, his malice, and his will to dominate all life.
It is what will come to pass, if you should fail. The Fellowship is breaking, it has already begun. He will try to take the Ring, you know of whom I speak. One by one, it will destroy them
Maybe the paths that you each shall tread are already laid before your feet, though you do not see them
The quest stands upon the edge of a knife. Stray but a little, and it will fail, to the ruin of all. Yet hope remains, while all the company is true.
The Ring came to the creature Gollum, who took it deep into the tunnels of the Misty Mountains…and there, it consumed him
The world is changed. I feel it in the water. I feel it in the earth. I smell it in the air. Much that once was is lost, for none now live who remember it.
The world is indeed full of peril, and in it there are many dark places; but still there is much that is fair, and though in all lands love is now mingled with grief, it grows perhaps the greater.
u/{}, your coming to us is as of the footsteps of doom. You bring great evil here, Ringbearer.
Welcome u/{} of the Shire... one who has seen the eye!
You are a Ring-bearer, u/{}. To bear a Ring of Power is to be alone.
