ABANDON YOUR POSTS!  FLEE, FLEE FOR YOUR LIVES!!
And why should your songs be unfit for my halls? Come, sing me a song.
Better to burn sooner than late, for burn we must.
Boromir was loyal to me! Not some wizard's pupil!
Boromir would have remembered his father's need. He would have brought me a kingly gift.
Bring tomatoes and a light vinaigrette.
Bring tomatoes and oil.
Bring wood and oil.
Can you sing, master u/{}
Farewell, u/{}, son of Paladin... I release you from my service. Go now and die in what way seems best to you.
Fealty with love. Valor with honor.
Go now and die in what way seems best to you.
He is burning... already burning.
I know who ride with Тheoden of Rohan. Oh, yes. Word has reached my ears of this Aragorn, son of Arathorn. And I tell you now, I will not bow to this Ranger from the North last of a ragged house long bereft of lordship.
I will not yield the river and Pelennor unfought. Osgiliath must be retaken.
Is there a captain here who still has the courage to do his Lord's will?
It should have been brought back to the Citadel to be kept safe. Hidden. Dark and deep in the vaults, not to be used. Unless at the uttermost end of need.
My sons are spent. My line has ended. Rohan has deserted us.
My sons are spent. My line has ended. Rohan has deserted us. Theoden's betrayed me.
Perhaps you've come to explain this. Perhaps you've come to tell me why my son is dead.
Set a fire in our flesh!
Soon all shall be burned. The West has failed. It shall all go up in a great fire, and all shall be ended. Ash! Ash and smoke blown away on the wind!
Stir not the bitterness in the cup that I mixed for myself. Have I not tasted it now many nights upon my tongue, foreboding that worse lay in the dregs?
The rule of Gondor is mine! And no other's!
The West has failed. Go back and burn!
This is my first command to you: how did you escape and my son did not? So mighty a man as he was.
We shall burn, like the heathen kings of old.
What you judged to be right? You sent the Ring of Power into Mordor in the hands of a witless halfling.
With your left hand you would use me as a shield against Mordor. And with your right you'd seek to supplant me.
Yes. I wish that.
