*u/{}!!*  Do not take me for some conjurer of cheap tricks. I am not trying to rob you. I’m trying to help you.
A little late for trimming the verge don't you think?
A wizard is never late, u/{}. Nor is he early, he arrives precisely when he means to.
And what about very old friends?
Ash nazg durbatuluk, ash nazg gimbatul ash nazg thrakatuluk agh burzum-ishi krimpatul
Be careful what you say. Do not look for welcome here.
Be gone.
Be silent. Keep your forked tongue behind your teeth. I did not pass through fire and death to bandy crooked words with a witless worm.
Because 10,000 Orcs now stand between Frodo and Mount Doom. I've sent him to his death.
Beyond any doubt
Courage will now be your best defense against the storm that is at hand -- that and such hope as I bring.
Did he? Did he, indeed? Good. Yes, very good.
Don't tempt me u/{}! I dare not take it. Not even to keep it safe. Understand u/{}, I would use this Ring from the desire to do good. But through me, it would wield a power too great and terrible to imagine.
Edoras and the Golden Hall of Meduseld. There dwells Theoden, King of Rohan... whose mind is overthrown. Saruman's hold over King Theoden is now very strong.
Even the very wise cannot see all ends
Fight! Fight to the last man. Fight for your lives.
Fool of a Took!
Fool of a Took! Throw yourself in next time, and rid us of your stupidity!
Foreseen and done nothing!
Frodo suspects something
Go back to the abyss! Fall into the nothingness that awaits you and your master!
He was strong in life. His spirit will find its way to the halls of your fathers. Westu hal. Ferou, Theodred, Ferou
He's been following us for three days
Hmmm, You would not part an old man from his walking stick
I am a Servant of the Secret Fire, Wielder of the Flame of Anor.
I am looking for someone to share in an adventure that I am arranging, and it's very difficult to find anyone.
I have no memory of this place.
I have some things I have to attend to.
I suppose you think that was terribly clever.
I think you've had that ring long enough.
I will draw you, Saruman, as poison is drawn from a wound!
If in doubt, u/{}, always follow your nose.
If you're referring to the incident with the dragon, I was barely involved. All I did was give your uncle a little nudge out of the door.
It's good to see you. One hundred and eleven years old who would believe it. You haven't aged a day!
Just tea, thank you.
Keep it secret. Keep it safe.
Left.
Look to my coming, at first light, on the fifth day. At dawn, look to the East.
Mellon
Meriadoc Brandybuck and Peregrin Took! I might have known!
Neither do I. Keep it Secret. Keep it Safe.
No word. Nothing.
No! Come down Saruman and your life will be spared!
No, we need him alive. We need him to talk.
No. No it isn't.
Now come the days of the King. May they be blessed.
Oh it's useless
Oh really?
Ooh! The long expected party! So how is the old rascal? I hear it’s got to be a party of special magnificence
Questions. Questions that need answering
Saruman believes it is only great power that can hold evil in check, but that is not what I have found. I found it is the small things, everyday deeds of ordinary folk that keeps the darkness at bay. Simple acts of love and kindness.
Sauron has yet to show his deadliest servant. The one who will lead Mordor's army in war. The one they say no living man can kill. The Witch King of Angmar. You've met him before. He stabbed Frodo on Weathertop. He is the lord of the Nazgul.  The greatest of the nine.
So am I dear boy. So am I.
So passes Denethor, son of Ecthelion.
So you mean to go through with your plan then?
Tell me. Friend... When did u/{} the Wise abandon reason for madness?
Thank you.
That Frodo is alive. Yes, yes he's alive.
The authority is not granted you to deny the return of the King - Steward!
Theoden son of Thengel... too long have you sat in the Shadows. Hearken to me! I release you from the spell.
There are many powers in this world for good or for evil. Some are greater than I am and against some I have not yet been tested
There is only one *Lord of the Ring*. Only one who can bend it to his will and he does not share power.
There never was much hope, only a fools hope
Through fire... and water. From the lowest dungeon to the highest peak I fought with the Balrog of Morgoth. Until at last I threw down my enemy and smote his ruin upon the mountainside. Darkness took me... and I strayed out of thought and time. Stars wheeled overhead. and every day was as long as a life age of the Earth. But it was not the end. I felt life in me again. I've been sent back until my task is done!
We cannot achieve victory by arms, but by arms we can give the Ring-bearer his only chance, frail though it be.
We come to it at last. The great battle of our time. The board is set, the pieces are moving
We now have but one choice, we must face the long dark of Moria. Be on your guard, there are older and fouler things than orcs in the deep places of the world. The wealth of Moria is not in gold, or jewels, but Mithril. Bilbo had a shirt of Mithril rings that Thorin gave him.
What did you hear?! Speak!!!
What?
You are in the House of Elrond and it is ten o'clock in the morning on October the 24th, if you want to know. Yes, I am here and you're lucky to be here too. A few more hours and you would have been beyond our aid, but you have some strength in you my dear Redditor
You know this? How?
You will tell him won't you? He's very fond of you
