...it's mine... my own... my precious...
No, thank you. We don't want any more visitors, well-wishers, or distant relations.
You're a good lad, Frodo. I'm very selfish, you know. Yes, I am. Very selfish. I don't know why I took you in after your mother and father died but it wasn't out of charity. I think it was because... of all my numerous relations, you were the one Baggins that showed real spirit.
I am sorry I brought this upon you, my boy. I'm sorry that... you must carry this burden. I'm sorry for everything.
I regret to announce - this is The End. I am going now. I bid you all a very fond farewell.
Alas, eleventy-one years is far too short a time to live among such excellent and admirable hobbits
Gandalf, my old friend, this will be a night to remember.
Good gracious, you have been productive.
I don't know half of you half as well as I should like, and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve.
I'm old, Gandalf. I know I don't look it, but I'm beginning to feel it in my heart. I feel... thin. Sort of stretched, like... butter scraped over too much bread. I need a holiday. A very long holiday. And I don't expect I shall return. In fact I mean not to.
It's a dangerous business u/{}, going out your door. You step onto the road, and if you don't keep your feet, there's no knowing where you might be swept off to.
I've thought of an ending for my book - "And he lived happily ever after... to the end of his days."
Mrs. u/{}, how nice to see you. Welcome welcome. Are all these children yours?
My dear Bagginses and Boffins, Tooks and Brandybucks, Grubbs, Chubbs, Hornblowers, Bolgers, Bracegirdles and Proudfoots!
Of course he does, he's a Baggins, not some blockheaded u/{} from r/lotrmemes.
Oh, what business is it of yours what I do with my own things?
Well, if I'm angry, it's your fault.
Well, no....and yes. Now it comes to it, I don't feel like parting with it. It's mine, I found it. It came to me!
Well, yes, but that's not the point...
You want it for yourself!
