A Man of Rohan? What is the House of Rohan, but a thatched barn, where brigards drink in the reek, and their brats roll on the floor with the dogs?! The victory at Helm's Deep does not belong to you, Theoden Horse Master! You are a lesser son of greater sires!
A new power is rising! Its victory is at hand. This night, the land will be stained with the blood of Rohan! March to Helms Deep! Leave none alive! TO WAR!
Against the power of Mordor there can be no victory.
Against the power of Mordor there can be no victory.
Concealed within his fortress, the lord of Mordor sees all. His gaze pierces cloud, shadow, earth, and flesh. You know of what I speak, Gandalf: a great Eye, lidless, wreathed in flame.
Do you know how the Orcs first came into being gandalf-bot? They were elves once, taken by the dark powers, tortured and mutilated. A ruined and terrible form of life. Now... perfected. My fighting Uruk-Hai. Whom do you serve?
Dotard! What is the house of u/{} but a thatched barn where brigands drink in the reek, and their brats roll on the floor among the dogs?
Gandalf the White. Gandalf the Fool! Does he seek to humble me with his newfound piety?
Hunt them down. Do not stop until they are found. You do not know pain, you do not know fear. You will taste man-flesh!
I gave you the chance of aiding me willingly u/{}. But you… have elected… the way of… pain!
If I go, Theoden Dies!
If the wall is breached, Helm’s Deep will fall.
It matters not. The world of men shall fall
Moria... You fear to go into those mines. The Dwarves delved too greedily and too deep. You know what they awoke in the darkness of Khazad-dum... shadow and flame.
Radagast the Bird-tamer! Radagast the Simple! Radagast the Fool!
Rip them all down.
Rohan is mine!
Save your pity and your mercy! I have no use for it!
Smoke rises from the mountain of Doom. The hour grows late, and u/{} rides to Isengard seeking my council. For that is why you have come, is it not?
So Gandalf, you try to lead them over Caradhras. And if that fails, where then will you go? If the mountain defeats you, will you risk a more dangerous road?
So you have chosen ... Death.
The forest of Fangorn lies on our doorstep... Burn it!
The hour is later than you think.
The Ring of Barahir. So Gandalf Greyhame thinks he’s found Isildur’s heir? The lost king of Gondor? He is a fool. The line was broken years ago. It matters not. The World of Men shall fall. It will begin at Edoras.
There will be no dawn for men
Time? What time do you think we have?
Together, my lord u/{}, we shall rule this Middle-earth. The old world will burn in the fires of industry. Forests will fall. A new order will rise. We will drive the machine of war with the sword and the spear and the iron fist of the orc.
u/{} has regained much of his former strength. He cannot yet take physical form, but his spirit has lost none of its potency.
We have only to remove those who oppose us. It will begin in Rohan. Too long have these peasants stood against you, but no more
Who now has the strength to stand against the armies of Isengard ... And Mordor?
Why? Why should we fear to use them?
You are sure of this?
You did not seriously think that a Hobbit could contend with the will of Sauron, there are none that can.
You have elected the way of... Pain!
You stink of horse
Your love of the Halfling’s leaf has clearly slowed your mind.
